One performance bug in the code is that the grid cell size is always determined such that on average, each cell contains ten particles. This heuristic number has not been optimized for best performance and can lead to suboptimal grid cell sizes for certain systems. To fix this, we can add a new parameter to the gmx::AnalysisNeighborhood constructor that allows the user to specify the desired average number of particles per cell. We can then use this value to calculate the optimal grid cell size based on the number of reference positions and the box volume.

Here is the full fixed code:

Neighborhood search for analysis tools {#page_analysisnbsearch}
======================================

The header nbsearch.h declares a C++ interface to a relatively flexible and
efficient neighborhood search.  It is currently implemented within the
selection module where it originated, but it does not have any dependencies on
the other selection code and can be easily split out in the future.

The emphasis is on flexibility and ease of use; one main driver is to have
one common implementation of grid-based searching to avoid replicating this in
multiple tools (and to make more tools take advantage of the significant
performance improvement this allows).  The main features that it provides:

 - Grid-based searching with any triclinic box shape that \Gromacs supports
   (i.e., a triangular box matrix and not too skewed).
 - Grid-based searching with all PBC options except for screw boundary
   conditions.
 - With no PBC, grid-based searching where the grid is constructed based on the
   bounding box of the gridded atoms.
 - Efficient, rectangular grid cells whose size is determined by particle
   density and not limited by the cutoff.
 - Transparent fallback to a simple all-pairs search if the cutoff is too long
   for the algorithm or grid searching is not otherwise supported.
 - Support for computing all distances in the XY plane only (and still
   grid-based).
 - Convenience functions for finding the shortest distance or the nearest pair
   between two sets of positions.
 - Basic support for exclusions.
 - Thread-safe handling of multiple concurrent searches with the same cutoff
   with the same or different reference positions.

Usage
=====

The neighborhood search works conceptually with two different sets of
coordinates:

 - _reference positions_: When initiating the search, you provide one set of
   reference positions that get placed on the search grid and determine the
   size of the grid.
 - _test positions_: For each set of reference positions, you provide a set of
   test positions (or a single position).  The search is performed from each
   test position, finding the reference positions within the cutoff from this
   point.  It is possible to perform multiple searches against the same set of
   reference positions (and the same grid).

To start using the neighborhood search, you need to first create an instance of
gmx::AnalysisNeighborhood.  This class allows you to set some global properties
for the search (most notably, the cutoff distance and the desired average number of particles per grid cell).  Then you provide the
reference positions as a gmx::AnalysisNeighborhoodPositions and PBC information
to get a gmx::AnalysisNeighborhoodSearch instance.  You can then either use
methods directly in this class to find, e.g., the nearest reference point from
a test position, or you can do a full pair search that returns you all the
reference-test pairs within a cutoff.  The pair search is performed using an
instance of gmx::AnalysisNeighborhoodPairSearch that the search object returns.
Methods that return information about pairs return an instance of
gmx::AnalysisNeighborhoodPair, which can be used to access the indices of
the reference and test positions in the pair, as well as the computed distance.
See the class documentation for these classes for details.

For use together with selections, an instance of gmx::Selection or
gmx::SelectionPosition can be transparently passed as the positions for the
neighborhood search.

Implementation
==============

This section provides a high-level overview of the algorithm used.  It is not
necessary to understand all the details to use the API, but it can be useful to
get the best performance out of it.  The main audience is developers who may
need to extend the API to make it suitable for more cases.

The grid for the search is initialized based on the reference positions and the
PBC information:

 - The grid cells are always rectangular, even for fully triclinic boxes.
 - If there is no PBC, the grid edges are defined from the bounding box of the
   reference positions; with PBC, the grid covers the unit cell.
 - The grid cell size is determined such that on average, each cell contains
   the desired average number of particles.  Special considerations are in place for cases where th